mercier started the animals are they guaranteed carolina to hide in serbia
almost a year ago unfortunately these cats is suffering from an illness
hereditary
a malformation that requires surgery for an amount
of 3000 301 euros is there a guarantee on latent defects in
matter of pets this is what we sought to know the
request of thomas guerry
- boyoud brugnault of the British newspaper
carolina loves animals in all colors and shapes
the most extravagant
dany arrival within this big family
it's in a pet store that attend every week carolina and
his friend spotted this young dog
then 4 months old
good when we love we cracked on him
but he is warmly dear
I'm ready for guinea pigs it was a lot
but after three weeks to cross the gaze of the young dog at the bottom of his cage
and as in addition its price fell in June 2006
carolina crack eramet evil than in china
very quickly the couple realizes that he does not have the same agility as these two
other dogs he seems to have a problem one can bet
to believe
with afp
ouattara
these statistics
but it is motivated by the waters
we arrive at some point he was admitted the day before after reaching
up to 20 years from the inside of the city
the average is necessarily a quality problem whose stakes are
possible
faurisson and its strides do not rhyme to all
think not something serious he was not thinking this systematically to
something wrong
and so to be drowned hereafter facom spread by the veterinarian and then that he has
makes radios like
we wanted to keep it
this radio abc radios that reveals
dysplasia at the two hips of balkh ans explanations of his
veterinarian left the stack then scene right
that of balkh years
the furious
and knowledgeable
his name is normal against Brazil 8
if you want to watch the civil status girls in the world the situation is bad
engaged steady state
and stability inevitably
pipe
to osteoarthritis
aware of a hip malformation
it has a characteristic what it was
a first intervention is practiced at the level of the muscles
it attenuates a little
the handicap of balcorp meantime
carolina asks the accounts of the pet shop that proposes to refund
the purchase price
150 euros anger compared to the stores that had not taken the animal
I do not need to have bac
a month or six months to attach to the animal j -c one hour at home
for me it's as if she was always at home and the young and
do not change like them like a piece of furniture it's not enough spa wealth that
I buy with a broken foot and as the odds against them
because basically this is what was proposed
buttons of the walk back to the white house by pulling the paw
even get on the bed
painful ubi
for him to go better he would need a heavy intervention at the level of his
basin
carolina science is put on its price 3300 the euro
canceled these episodes
it is sure
They broke down
it was very well also unable to pay this amount
but if ever the region from the east to the mainland
so carolina comes back to the charge at the pet store
the store focused on paying back the original price of the animal bousquet radio
almost 1000 euros peugeot 5 not enough for the girl who wants
that we finance the operation until the situation is unblocked
we stay on anti-inflammatories
but a week later we find carolina and balcorp in the bathroom.
waiting a veterinary practice
because if the pet shop did not wish to answer our requests for interviews
our intervention, despite everything, makes things easier
sawan
she up until ap until he knew I did what I had
he calls to your conscience
we had a long discussion with her the director of security
store road
alas it's okay per cent to the continuous surveillance to amaze
they agreed to pay the entire touch operation
you're happy for sure I'm happy to go a little better after
with the vet-campaign veterinarian
she must now fix the date of the intervention hoping to be able to
one day use his lap
yes normally due
no time will certainly operate to join the four
other his both were in Scotland are based the three each
already owns carolina
his house is a bit like noah's ark in a modern version
next week a conflict between a winners who holds a restaurant and the
owner of the premises the buildings fall into ruin neither one nor the other
would be paid the work
my dream degraded and very voluntary in exchange
the example of his father
stop saying that they gathered this week in this state
after being hit by the crisis is last we stop at the movies
and the theater once this additional information about
missions you just visited on our website
france 3 point en heading you can always expect
thank you for your fidelity a few weeks Saturday two hours